Saturday night.
Coming to Six Flags Great Adventure Friday night, Saturdays and Sundays, October 15th
through Halloween weekend.
Visit a park that's bigger than Disneyland and experience Fright Fest.
What a scary fun for the whole family.
Eat terrible trolls, ghastly ghouls and goblins and experience Batman's Arise.
Starting October 15th through Halloween weekend.
Fright Fest at Six Flags Great Adventure.
There's nothing like it on Earth.
Get these great Fright Fest savings with special coupons of participating Boy Rogers.
Guess what time it is?
When goblins play in ghoul show and dancing ghosts giggle and glow.
Silly old witches laugh and delight.
Kids dress in costume to trick or treat through the night.
It's time to tune in to a Disney Halloween only on the Disney Channel.
You eat too much.
Oh yeah.
It's so much fun to eat at Ralph's.
Watch out, here it comes.
It's Eat It Ralph's.
First to feed Ralph all their food wins, but be careful because you never know.
Eat It Ralph's.
Oh yeah.
You know it's so much fun to eat at Ralph's.
Watch out, here it comes.
Eat It Ralph's.
Oh yeah.
Craft Macaroni and Cheese presents Super Mario Brothers.
It's Papam, Stapham, Oni, Onland,
We're under the seal.
There's always adventure on it.
Super Mario Brothers.
Now it's your turn to put the bike on Bowser.
It's a Super Spin Jump Oni
for a suffering and great Oni.
It's off to bobble your mind, Oni.
Cos it's got Super Mario Macaroni.
Key Force.
Whoever holds the key controls the fate of the city.
Your key transforms the hero cycle.
Cool.
Into a jet threat.
Oh, has his own key for destruction.
Your key fires the missile.
It's time for the police car to lay down the law.
Key Force.
Now your history.
You unlock the fire power.
Key Force.
Each vehicle has its own special key.
Each sold separately, new from Hot Wheels.
Good, good.
I'm hungry.
The earthquake.
Meow.
Milton Moe.
What are you doing?
Turkey and Sam.
I'm looking for breakfast, but it is so dark.
You're in luck.
Tasty Kellogg's Fruit Loops are in brighter colors.
Alex is a shine of orange, lemon, cherry, and lime.
Kellogg's Fruit Loops is part of this complete breakfast.
Look out for the...
Color changing straws.
You can change the colors of the tailspin characters, too.
You can collect all four one free inside Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
The Wilded Faces.
Unforgettable performances.
And the one and only Great Wallace Duck.
Don't miss What Would You Do?
Weekdays at 6, 5 Central only on Nick.
Say you can do anything if you put your mind to it.
And I believe it.
I mean, people do incredible things when they really commit themselves.
But imagine how much commitment it must take to do something like
take a vow of silence.
One slip of the lip.
Ow, that hurts.
And you're back to where you started.
Those people who brave the rigors of space travel.
Even the simplest activities require determination
when you're out of this world.
It takes months of patience to build a ship in a bottle.
But lose concentration for even a minute and you're suck.
Commitment takes staying power.
It can be here today, gone tomorrow.
When the going gets tough, so can your determination to do something.
That's the trouble with commitment.
It needs to be so, well, committed.
Coming over, can I ask him to stay for dinner?
Again?
Of course he can stay.
Wait a minute.
What do we have?
What difference does it make?
Huh?
Because he vacuums the table every time he's here.
You know, I just think it would be better if I knew exactly which food is mine
so there's no gray areas.
Individual pot pies.
Good.
Fried chicken.
Bad.
It's kidney bean and kelp goulash.
Oh.
Not the kid's day.
Mom, do we have any watermelon?
It's a little out of season, Ferguson.
You don't even like watermelon.
I know.
I was thinking of spitting a seed 69 feet.
Of course I could always do something else.
What's this?
The Guinness Book of World Records.
You're trying to get in the Guinness Book of Records?
Maybe.
Aren't you already in there as the world's biggest geek?
No, I believe you already hold that title.
Don't you have to have some highly specialized talent to get in that book?
Not necessarily.
Some of the records just require stamina.
For instance, well, I could push a hospital bed 3,234 miles.
Of course that would require taking a small hiatus from school.
Yeah, forget it.
Okay.
Well, I could, uh-huh, I could kiss 8,002 women in an 8-hour period.
You can't even get a date.
Well, I'm holding out for the female version of Clifford,
but they're still throwing her out of a glacier.
Ferguson, even if you do break some record, how are you getting the book?
The Guinness people are coming to town in three weeks.
McCormick Steiner is making the world's biggest BLT sandwich.
How big can a BLT be?
They're applying the mayonnaise with the hose.
Yuck.
Well, instead of trying to break someone else's record, why not create a whole new one?
Hmm, like what?
Oh, I don't know. Maybe you could make something.
Hmm, that'd cost money.
Try to use things you can get for free.
Yeah, like chewed gum. Here you go.
Oh, it's Clifford. I'll get it.
Here, save yourself a trip.
Guess you don't want any of these.
Are you kidding? I'm trying to bulk up for wrestling.
But I thought wrestlers wanted to lose weight.
Yeah, but I'm a heavyweight.
Any every ounce I can get.
It's all about squashing the other guy.
You'll do great.
I don't know. This weekend I have to wrestle Jimmy to sperm whale Norton.
He can eat an entire case of pudding cubs.
That is kind of scary.
He's the man to beat. So you'll be there on Friday, right?
Friday, but I thought you wrestled on Saturdays.
They rescheduled.
Seniors had to take their SATs on Saturdays. So you'll be there?
Well, sorry, Clifford.
But I kind of made plans to go to a vampire movie marathon.
Can't you go another time?
It's only playing one night.
You're killing me here. I can't believe you're not coming.
I mean, I'm facing off with the sperm whale.
I got it.
Wait, don't you want to stay for dinner?
No, I can't eat now.
What are you having?
Lush, and I think I saw my mom making mashed potatoes.
No.
This is bigger than carbos.
I mean, I need a little commitment here.
Commitment?
Wow. Clifford passing up spuds.
He must be upset.
But I mean, watching two guys in skintight underwear
sweating on each other,
I could go the rest of my life without seeing that.
Hey, isn't it enough that I come to his wrestling matches at all?
What is this talk about commitment?
I've been trying to figure this Clifford thing out.
I mean, we go out sometimes.
I like him, but commitment?
What did Clifford mean?
He couldn't have meant going steady.
Could he?
Nah.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
I need your opinion on something.
Shoot.
Manual or electric.
Manual or electric? What?
Razors.
You're shaving?
Well, a man's got to do what a man's got to do.
So what's the problem?
I'm not sure I can get that really clean, close shave.
But with the manual razor, I risk mutilating my face.
Live dangerously. Go with the blade.
Okay.
So you're getting psyched about the movie Marathon?
Sure.
You don't sound psyched.
Clifford's mad at me because I'm missing his wrestling match.
He says he wants more commitment.
You mean he wants to go steady?
Of course not.
At least I don't think so.
Well, what else could he mean?
I don't know. Commitment's a pretty big word.
Maybe he doesn't know what it means.
So, you want to come to the drugstore with me?
I've got to pick up
some shaving cream, skin toner,
aftershave.
No, thanks.
But Sam, stay away from Musk.
Will do.
What would it mean to be Clifford's one and only?
The possibilities for claustrophobia are endless.
For instance,
what would Clifford's vision of couple them be?
This thing's worked out too well
and he became a family fixture.
Oh!
And worst of all,
would every other guy in the world treat me like the plague?
The more I think about this commitment thing,
the more I think I need to think about it.
So, after several false starts,
I've come upon an awe-inspiring,
yet inexpensive and totally original record-breaking scheme.
Ah, and what's that, Ferguson?
Ladies and gentlemen,
I give you one Ferguson Darling
and its amazing rubber band ball.
Wow, alert the media.
Isn't that a little small, Ferguson?
Oh, well, now it is.
But in a few weeks, it'll be the largest rubber band ball in the world.
Rubber trees around the world, they're trembling.
Oh, they should be.
Yeah, where'd you get all those rubber bands, Ferguson?
Oh, well, these I got from your desk
and from your newspaper
and from your blueprints.
You took those off my blueprints?
Oh, don't worry, Dad.
I replaced them with Clarissa's hair thingies.
Hey, I need my hair thingies, weasel boy.
Ferguson, just because you're pursuing a goal
doesn't mean you can take whatever you want.
Oh, Mom, I feel you'd appreciate my dedication.
I do. Anything worth having takes commitment.
But ask next time, okay?
Yes, Mom.
Commitment. What's the big rush?
What does that mean, sport?
Well, like a lot of girls in my class are going steady,
but I say, why tie yourself to one person?
Isn't that like only eating one flavor of ice cream?
Well, when I was your age,
I felt pretty much the same way.
I was a real 31-flavors kind of guy.
But as I got older,
I realized if I focused on
on one ice cream,
let's call it rum raisin,
that I could learn every nuance
of the flavor, every bump
and every raisin
and that it would always be there
for me in the freezer.
And hey, it would be happy to see me.
Dad, thanks, Dad.
Right. Okay.
Well, long the talk about ice creams
made me kind of hungry. You guys want some?
Oh, not right now, Dad.
No, thanks.
I'm glad to see you aren't thinking of going steady.
What's it to you?
Who would you go study with? Clifford?
What if I did?
Are you crazy? Encourage him
and he might never go away.
Going steady today.
Engage next week.
Married by the end of the year.
To your life.
Well, I gotta go. I'm soliciting rubber bands
door-to-door.
What if going steady really did lead to marriage?
What if I ended up as
Mrs. Clifford?
I wish you would eat a little more quietly.
Dear, you know I have to bulk up
for the pro wrestling championships.
Hey, I'm Clifford the Glutton-Spleenharfer.
If I weigh in under 250,
it'll laugh me out of the stadium.
Oh, cupcake. I wish you hadn't dropped out
of high school to turn pro.
But bunny feet, it's my career.
I'm gonna bulk shake my peach.
Could I have another?
My lamb chop. I'm just getting ready to go
to the movie marathon.
Tonight? But I'm wrestling my nemesis
to sperm well tonight.
Hey, I need a little commitment here.
A future with Clifford?
No, I don't think so.
I think he's over committed to this commitment thing.
So I better get committed to setting him straight.
Na .
More Clarissa.
More Snick.
After this...
Put right Linda Laverne.
Cigarettes are sold to these young kids
so easily.
This was something not only illegal
but dangerous for young kids.
I saw the transactions being made
and then I went back
with the Consumer Affairs Inspector
as he served the violations against the shop owners.
24 hours a day, we take the time to do it right.
New York won, because there's only one New York.
It's a big world, and there's a lot to know about it.
Hey, these are tough subjects.
How is the kids supposed to understand grown-up news?
CNN has a show where real kids talk about news
in our own way.
It's called Real News for Kids,
and it covers news from all over the world,
plus sports, entertainment, and our opinions.
The news is important to kids, too,
so watch Real News for Kids.
Saturday, 8 30 Eastern, on CNN.
Watching, Clarissa Explains It All.
Okay, here's what's been happening.
I told Clifford I thought we should cool it.
You know, not go out.
He was pretty upset.
In fact, he said he didn't even want to be friends.
But he'll come around.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Look, I found my phone.
Rainforest whip?
It's safe for the environment, and it smells like bananas.
Yum.
Now all I have to do is decide on my new look.
Compared to the guys in these magazines, I'm kind of tame.
Maybe I should grow a goatee,
or shave my sideburns and lightening bolts.
Nothing personal, Sam, but you don't have any sideburns.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe I'll just stick to clean shaving.
That's the ticket.
So how's life without Clifford?
Good.
Being footloose and fancy free agrees with me.
Well, Clifford's adjusted.
Really?
You haven't heard about him and Kiki Nibbleman?
Kiki Nibbleman?
Pep Squad captain, queen of the bake sale?
She's not Clifford's type.
I mean, she's nothing like me.
She never misses a wrestling match.
Great, thrown over for a girl with a megaphone.
I thought you were through with Clifford.
I am.
I mean, I don't want to go steady with him.
Well, Kiki does.
What? They're not going together?
Not yet, but Kiki's telling everyone
she's going to get Clifford to go steady with her.
Well, better her than me.
I mean, I'm just not cut out for this steady stuff.
That's what Kiki says.
What?
She says you're too fickle to commit to one person.
Come on, Clarissa, this is Kiki Nibbleman.
No one takes her seriously.
I know, but that really ticks me off.
I mean, I could commit to 100 guys if I wanted to.
Where's my yearbook?
Pick a guy, any guy.
What are you talking about?
If Kiki Nibbleman can do it, I can do it.
It's just a question of putting my mind to it.
Here, I'll do it.
Bobby Slacklater, perfect.
I'll go steady with him.
You're not serious.
Totally serious.
Come on, Clarissa.
You don't have anything common with Bobby Slacklater.
I mean, look.
So he's the treasure of the future historians
of America Club, plays French horn in the marching band,
and is the Pakistani representative in model U.N.
So what?
So the guy's got a busier schedule than the pope,
and you're not into any of that stuff.
Not important, Sam.
What's important is my ability to commit.
Well, if you're going steady with someone just
because you're jealous, you ought to be committed.
Jealous?
Who said I'm jealous?
What do you call it?
Just responding to a challenge, Sam.
That's all.
Now, I've got to crank out a romance and vast.
Well, Bobby Slacklater was agreeable to us becoming an item.
I mean, with his busy schedule, he
was glad to find a girlfriend with so little effort.
So today at lunch, when Clifford sat next to Kiki,
Bobby and I were seen drinking one soda with two straws.
And then when Clifford passed Kiki a note in study hall,
I didn't even notice.
I was too busy helping Bobby fluff his turban.
No!
Oh, my.
Better be careful with that thing, Ferguson,
or someone could lose an eye.
I don't know what happened.
I just slipped from my arms.
Interesting.
Even latex says we're pulsed by you.
Oh, that's for me.
Is that all you could find?
I thought your sister wore braces.
She does, sir.
But when she found out I was taking the rubber bands,
she gave me a pink belly.
Are you a man or a mouse?
A man, sir.
But she's an eighth grader.
And what about you?
No excuses, sir.
I just failed.
Look, a deal's a deal.
You give me rubber bands.
I give you old book reports.
Cup each?
Yes, sir.
Now get out there and find me some bands.
Lolli, you've really sunk to an all-time low
extorting children.
Oh, it's not extortion when there's a fair exchange.
Look what I have for you, my precious.
Name a rubber band?
Looks like your ball has outgrown its bands.
It can't have.
Ah, it can't.
What am I going to do?
Give it up?
Fat chance.
There must be bigger rubber bands out there.
Bigger, better bands that won't break under pressure.
And I will find them.
Well, at least it keeps them off the streets.
I better get going.
I found out Kiki's helping Clifford build
the wrestling team's float for the homecoming parade.
So I guess he'll be with Bobby at the homecoming dance.
Well, it turns out Bobby isn't much of a dancer.
Ow.
But seeing us together really got to Clifford,
so it was worth it, I guess.
Or is it?
I mean, the truth is, I kind of miss Clifford.
I don't know what I'm trying to prove anymore.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Well, what do you think?
About?
My face.
Pretty smooth, huh?
Well, I'll tell you the truth, Sam.
It kind of looks the same.
Oh, man.
You mean you don't notice any difference?
Well, you smell like bananas, and you
have a nick on your chin.
Oh, great, the final indignity.
I don't even know why I bother.
Yeah, that makes two of us.
Ow.
What happened?
The homecoming dance.
You went to the homecoming dance.
Clarissa, that doesn't seem like you.
I know.
I'm using more energy getting to Clifford
than I ever used being with him.
Maybe I just should have gotten steady with him
in the first place.
Well, is that what you want?
No, I don't know what I want.
All I know is I want to make that decision when I'm
ready to, and I don't want Clifford or Kiki or even
me pressuring me to do it.
So?
So I'm calling Clifford.
Maybe we can work things out before my feet give out.
Want to come in?
Are those for anyone?
Sure.
Thanks.
So, you wanted to talk?
Yeah, where have you been lately?
You're the one who blew me off.
Look, Clifford, I didn't want to.
I just didn't know how to tell you that I don't want to go steady.
Steady?
Who's anything about going steady?
Clifford, are you OK?
Steady?
Do you want some air, water, food?
Here, you'd better sit down.
You don't look so good.
I don't get it.
Didn't you want to go steady?
Well, what was that talk about commitment?
I just wanted you to come to wrestling.
Well, I can't come to all your matches.
I know.
But sperm whale needs support.
That's fine.
I can do that just as long as I know ahead of time.
Come on.
Easy now.
Easy.
Come on.
Whoa.
OK, easy now.
Push it up.
Whoa.
Oh, boy.
Well, I must say, Ferguson, that's a really impressive ball.
Yeah, well, the going got tough there for a while.
But once I discovered industrial strength fan belts,
it was smooth sailing.
Where'd you get the fan belts?
From Plyman's Auto Parts, by proud corporate sponsor.
I get fan belts.
They get a mention in the Guinness Book of Records.
You must have made quite an impression on them, Ferguson.
Well, there's talk of me making the world's biggest
teepee out of dipsticks, but we're still in negotiations.
It's stuck.
All right, all right, let me give you a hand.
All right, hey, everybody push.
That's really wedged in there.
But it can't be.
I have to meet the Guinness people in a half an hour.
Can we get an accident down the door frame?
Are you kidding, Ferguson?
I'm not going to destroy the house for this thing.
Mom?
Oh, I'm sorry, Ferguson, no.
So that's it.
All my work, my book reports, all gone for nothing.
Wow.
Kind of makes me feel sorry for the little guy.
Well, and I've got it.
All we have to do is take a layer off.
Over my dead body.
No, we'll put them right back on once we get outside.
Ah, come on, let's get a crowbar, some gloves.
You know, it's going to be OK.
I'm with you, Dad.
That's right.
So you're going to tell Bobby?
Actually, we already called it quits.
You did?
Yeah, he said he needed a girl with more school spirit.
Oh, Kiki's free.
What do you mean?
More history.
She drove me crazy.
Really?
She wouldn't leave me alone, blowing me kisses,
putting pom-poms on my locker, writing,
Kiki spleen her for all over her books.
Yeah, that is pretty bad.
You feeling better now?
Still a little shaky.
Maybe if I had some nachos just to settle my stomach.
Come on.
I don't know what will happen with Ferg Face's ball,
but as for me and Clifford, it looks like we'll bounce back.
Where's Ferguson?
I told him we were eating at six.
Last time I saw him, he was in his bedroom
trying to grow his fingernails two feet long.
Clarissa, you shouldn't tease him about this skinnest thing.
Yeah, who would have thought some kid from Australia
could come up with a rubber band ball that was 12 feet wide?
Guess there's a lot of free time in the outback.
Hello, family.
What's for dinner?
Something smells good.
Wow, you seem in good spirits.
You bet.
I figured it out.
What, how to walk upright?
No, brainless the records racket.
What was I knocking myself out for?
The real money is in publishing a book about those records.
Ferguson Darling Book of Records?
There's already a listing for America's largest rubber
band ball.
Oh, I just remembered.
Clifford's stopping by.
Can I ask him to stay for dinner?
Again?
Of course.
Son of a janitor.
We're having stew.
There's always enough for one more with stew.
Oh, yeah, you better water it down.
So you're back together with the crow magnon?
Not back together.
Just back to normal.
You're using the word normal loosely, I take it.
That's from a guy who owns two tons of rubber.
Clarissa, I didn't know you were having trouble with Clifford.
Well, I was touching Go there for a while,
but once we decided we didn't want to go study,
we've been seeing each other every day.
There's more snicking straight ahead,
so stick around and see what's up at the roundhouse.
Next on Snick.
Clarissa explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon Studios
at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
People eat eyelash snacks.
It's, like, for kids.
It's the best part of the week.
I love it.
It's happening, Snick.
Nickelodeon's bringing up more run rats with...
His name's Big Frank.
Fix me.
I said, I'm going to fix you.
I'm talking monster Big Frank.
I'll fix you, Big Frank.
Monster boy's fixed.
Good.
How do you feel now, Frank?
Big Frank tops and his eyes light up.
Better is not included.
Fix me.
Our arch enemy is this evil kid we call Hathead
because he has this permanent ridge in his head,
like he'd get when you wear a hat for a while
and then take it off.
He's a mutant.
One time.
Oh, Nickelodeon presents the adventures of Pete and Pete.
He's dying Pete, Pete's feather Pete, and me, Ellen.
Today's adventure, Hathead.
I don't know what you've heard about Hathead,
but he's actually not too bad a guy once you get to know him.
Really?
Sure he's been known to pick on kids more than even girls.
And I heard he wants to his uncle out of a plane.
But that's beside the point.
Fact is, I don't be honest with you.
Hathead is, I can't say it.
Say it!
Hathead is the-
Say it, carrot head!
Hathead is the greatest human ever to walk the earth.
That's more like it.
Look for more adventures of Pete and Pete
every day on Nickelodeon.
I'll get you someday, Hathead.
Feet!
His father and mother-in-take unto him a wife,
do you or don't you?
We do!
And the two shall bear children
that their days may be long upon the earth.
And it is also written that the mortgage shall be long upon the house
and dad shall lose his job
and mom shall be pass it over for promotion
And the two shall become greatly stressed out and low.
They shall each pull their respective hair.
And Dad shall watch Baywatch with an unclean eye.
And Mom shall dent the station wagon and low.
They shall each pull the other's hair.
The day cometh when Mom shall ask that faithful question
which hath no right answer.
Honey, does my butt look big in this dress?
And there shall be great crying and gnashing of teeth.
And the voice of the lawyer shall be heard in the land.
And it is written, blessed are the children,
for they shall catch black from both sides.
This is just a reminder.
Parents' Day is tomorrow.
There's gonna be two sessions for those of you
whose parents can't be in the same room.
For those of you with more than four step-parents,
please remember, parking is limited.
Thank you.
Hey Chris, is your real father or your step-father
coming to Parents' Day?
Uh, my real dad. I don't have a step-father.
You don't have a step-father?
Your mom hasn't been married yet?
No. I mean, she's still married.
I mean, my real parents are still married.
Whoa, man. Heavy, dude. Heavy.
I think you need to visit a school psychologist,
Dr. Hugo Bezurk.
Hello, Tommy. Take a seat.
Now, I want you to take a look at this ink blotch
and tell me what you see.
It looks like an ink blotch.
Just as I suspected.
What is it?
Separation anxiety.
Anxiety if it comes from being the only kid at school
with parents who are not separated.
Well, what can I do?
I mean, what can I do about it?
Here, read this.
How to fake your parents' divorce.
Exactly. So tell me.
How is your step-father doing?
I don't have a step-father.
No!
Page 162.
Oh. He's okay, I guess.
But I miss my real dad.
Perfect.
Well, I'm afraid that time is up.
Good luck.
And remember, may divorce be with you.
Divorce be...
Touch a choke.
Great.
I hope this next sketch helps me out a little more
than the last one.
Sweetie, why were you talking to the school shrink?
Well, I'm a little troubled, and I can't sleep.
When my kids can't get to sleep,
I give them a dose of mominix.
Mominix is the endless meaningless battle
for mom that bores kids to unconsciousness.
Speaking of babble, I just found
an addition to my shower cap collection.
I got it for five cents with a triple coupon.
You know, they just don't perforate coupons
the way they used to.
Those were the glory days.
Nobody perforated like I did.
Blavity, blah, blah, blah.
Pancakes, blah, blah, blah.
Black cast and stewing.
Thanks for trying, mom, but I still can't sleep.
Oh, honey.
Well, why don't you tell me what's bothering you?
Actually, it's you and dad.
Oh.
Oh, well, we'll find another place to live then,
sweetie.
It's short notice, but...
No, I mean, you're my real mom and my real dad.
That's right.
Oh, honey, have you been studying genetics again?
Listen, you don't have to turn out like your father, all right?
Environment has a lot to do with it.
Yeah, but just look at him.
It's painful.
It strikes without warning.
And it only hits fathers who sit on their haunches
and stare at the tube all day.
It's...
Hey, has anybody seen the TV, Powerlord?
Remote control, some.
It's huge.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, I've lost control
of my most important bodily function.
I've lost remote control.
Poor dear.
And he was in the prime of his...
Well, he was in prime time.
Oh, what's the use in living?
So I can finally turn this idiot box off.
Oh, fish.
But now there's a solution.
An even bigger remote control
called the even bigger remote control.
Hey!
Check it out.
Ooh, that was close.
And by the way, don't call me handicapped.
I prefer to be known as digitally challenged.
You know, I don't have anything personal against Dad.
It's just that all the other kids have step-bothers
and I feel left out.
I mean, Jimmy's step-dad has a beamer
and Cindy's owns a toy store.
Well, honey, I know your dad doesn't always show it,
but he really loves you.
I know the nerve of that guy.
He's made me the laughing stock of the whole school.
Well, son, I'm really stuck for an answer on this one.
You know, I'm gonna have to consult
the TV parent's book of cliches.
Let's see.
Well, here's a good one.
What's a mother to do?
They really need a step-dad.
Could you just shop around a little?
Welcome to the NFL Trial.
John, what do you think of this first prospect?
Well, he's slow-witted, apathetic,
and has all the moral fiber of a can of spam.
But, hey, I mean, I have to admit,
that probably gives him an edge.
All right, let's go straight to the allowance competition.
Can I please have $20?
$20, that's a good one.
$20?
Where am I supposed to get $15?
You want $10?
Why do you want $5?
Okay, let's go to the pot-gut competition.
Ready, dads?
What do you think, John?
Well, it's gonna be awfully hard to beat number three.
I mean, come on, he hasn't seen his toes in almost three years.
Okay, that takes us to the talent portion of this year's draft.
Dads?
Well, I can do this trick here.
Kids go ape for this.
I will now play for you all Beethoven's fifth symphony
on the pit organ.
Okay, number three, it's up to you.
Show us what you got.
Stand back, Buster. I'm going to twirl.
Don't worry, son.
We'll find you a stepfather somewhere.
The big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Turn into the struggle of a lifetime
when you're a wallaby named Rocco,
meets Monkey, Hepburn, and the rest of the gang
in Rocco's modern life every Sunday
at 11.30, 10.30 Central
on the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Good, good, I'm hungry.
The earthquake, yo!
New tomorrow, what are you doing?
I'm looking for breakfast, but it is so dark.
You're in luck.
My tasty Kellogg's Fruit Loops are in brighter colors.
Alex is a shine of orange, lemon, cherry, and lime.
Kellogg's Fruit Loops is part of this complete breakfast.
Look out for that!
Color-changing straws.
You can change the colors of the tailspin characters, too.
You can collect all four one free inside Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't throw that.
Take out the...
They don't need a babysit.
And they don't need a personal trainer.
I hate kids.
What these brands need
is a hand that sucks the cradle.
Hulk Hogan is Mr. Nanny.
Don't tell anybody I did that.
Finally, someone to look up to.
Lovely to see you.
Rated PG.
Starts Friday, October 8th at a theater near you.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on...
It's looking for a step of fire.
Nice try, Dad.
Oh, come on, what gave me away?
Well, most normal men don't come to the door in an easy chair.
Well, just give me another chance.
Sorry, Dad.
We got to have a step family like everybody else.
Here's our story.
Stips on sulking.
You have to pounce.
This isn't the way it happens on TV.
You're all supposed to forget about your real parents
and get into wacky hijinks together.
Yeah.
And someday one of you will have the attic all to yourself
to make a groovy hippie band.
We don't even have an attic.
This is silly folding metal sets from Sears.
This family sucks bell bottoms.
Oh, this is booty.
I bake some cookies.
No way.
We still hate each other.
But at least we have cookies.
This is a step family.
What's a real dad doing here?
All right, I'll go.
You can get a new step dad.
Just let me take my baby with me.
Oh, Dad.
Sorry, honey, TV stays here.
Oh, wait a minute.
Couldn't we have joint custody?
No, well, it's still under warranty.
Well, don't expect me to pay cable support.
I'm not letting go of this,
not as long as all my step children's on.
I'm marrying Alex.
Oh, what is that going to make him to me?
Well, never mind that.
You'll be your own half-sister.
Mommy!
Man, this is terrible.
Doesn't anybody have an opening
for a guy who's perfected the audit doing nothing?
Look at this.
My chair doesn't run worth the poo-poo on this sidewalk.
My second thought,
just being free-thing might not be so bad after all.
I think I'll take a little nap
and have a really good dream sequence.
If only they could invent a wife
who not only loved cooking and cleaning,
but also poly a mediocre singing voice
and a talent for disrobing
into international superstardom.
She's the perfect combination of a sitcom mom
and a pop tart.
She's Madonna Reid.
I'm looking sturdily in boxers.
You could put all that energy into satirizing a rock icon
and still have time to talk to me about my problem.
Well, honey, that's what sketch mothers are for.
Now, tell me what's bothering you.
Well, I'm worried about Dad being all alone.
Oh, honey, he'll be okay.
Well, but just imagine what his life is like.
Let's see.
I said, imagine what his life is like.
Hey, we just did a dream sequence.
Yeah, we're on a five.
Oh, forget it.
We'll do it ourselves.
Come on, sweetie.
Here we go.
Imagine what his life is like.
Remember Wendy from Math Last Semester?
Yeah.
Oh, you're dad married her.
Good afternoon on a very special afternoon special.
My stepmother, my classmate,
a tragic story of a girl whose dad married the homeroom milk monitor.
Hey, Wendy, she's not even on the homecoming court.
Well, I did it for you, pumpkin.
It's gonna save me some time, too.
Now I can drop the two of you off at school together.
So, honey, how are things at Dad's?
Well, I think I'm finally starting to get used to Wendy
being my stepmom.
I held her feet yesterday at the gym for setup.
You know, sweetie, I am so glad to hear
that you are adjusting so well.
By the way, I'm dating the paper boy.
My feelings are warm.
My heart is a view.
I feel uptight.
Distressed and put out.
I need to make it hard.
Can't stop shaking.
Shaking.
My heart is breaking.
No.
I can't stop crying.
Crying.
But I won't stop crying.
No, no, no.
I can't stop shaking.
Shaking.
My heart is breaking.
No.
I can't stop crying.
Crying.
But I won't stop crying.
I can't stop crying.
The big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Observe expertly crafted rails for speed.
Perfectly balanced wheeled attract interlock system,
specially contoured seats for comfort.
And why?
Because if you're going to drive through a giant pie,
shouldn't you drive the best Nickelodeons?
What would you do?
Putting families to the test with strange auditions,
unexpected talents, sumo wrestling and best of all,
the one and only pie coaster.
Yeah!
What?
What would you do?
Weekdays at six, five central only on Nick.
The lifting and sifting, the donuts we bake.
This crazy contraption is starting to change.
What?
Hurry up.
We've got to go faster.
It looks like we're having a donut disaster.
Sack all your donuts on the machine.
First one to get rid of them all.
You win.
It's donut disaster catch all that you can.
Let's take them back on and start over again.
I don't know.
We can't go any faster.
Donut disaster.
Nickelodeon presents the continuing story of the kid
who accidentally swung over the bar and became
Inside Out Boy.
We find our hero at the big MC Malik concert
when suddenly...
Yo man, look y'all racist.
Are those tattoos contagious?
I ain't distant, so take this right.
How'd you get so out of sight?
He wants you to answer.
I don't know if I'm earned.
Yes, you do.
Right there.
I guess you're right.
I've got nothing left to lose except Sadie's Art Tattoo.
When I move my body, shows it.
My heart beats the whole world knows it.
That's my pride.
Yeah, it's my joy.
So use my street name, Inside Out Boy.
Inside Out Boy?
Say what?
Word up. That's me.
Inside Out Boy.
He's got what it takes to bust a move.
Guts.
For more adventures, keep watching Nickelodeon.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
On the on-
Now basis, by the way, I'm not at all sold on this stepfather idea.
Hey, you mind your peas and cues.
It's time once again for Step Family View.
The game where you compete against your stepfather
for control of your family.
Hi, I'm the stepdad, and I think it's really important
to show these little rats who's the boss.
You tell them, dear.
Hi!
We're the kids and we're the first to act.
You tell them, kids.
Mom, you're going to have to decide which side you're on.
Oh, uh, I think I'll just sit this one out.
Okay, first question.
Name something Step Kids say
when asked to clean their filthy stinking rooms.
Sure, I'll get right on it.
Survey says...
I'm sorry.
Kids, you've got a chance to steal.
You can't make me your number real dad.
Is it that?
Next question.
The top one answer is on the board.
Name something Step Kids say
when asked to do their homework.
You can't make me your not my real dad.
Is it that?
Number three.
We asked 100 Step Kids.
You can't make me your not my real dad.
Is it that?
I'm sorry.
We asked 100 Step Kids
what their favorite starchy tuber was.
Yams.
Yes.
Not my real dad.
Kids, you've won control of the game.
What are you going to do now?
We're going to Disneyland and he's paying.
You can't make me.
I'm not your real dad.
And now a word from one of our proud sponsors
of Step Family Feud.
Are you looking for that perfect doll
to help you play the games that grown-ups play?
Get out of the money, Barbie.
She's young.
She's beautiful.
And she's just come into a ton of cash.
No need to buy expensive accessories.
Alamony Barbie comes with their own.
And most of Ken's do.
Alamony Barbie from Motel Toys.
A salt and battery not included.
Bankruptcy Ken sold separately.
Fair honeybunch.
To punch in some more snicker doodles.
Don't push your luck, mister.
Okie dokie, Momsie Ken.
Who are you?
I'm your step dog.
Hey, go fetch.
Just get yourself, kid.
You ain't my real master.
I gotta go bite the step mailman.
Principal Bose, I'd like you to be my step-bothers.
This is Sid, Bob and Walter.
Davis, you couldn't make it.
Hey, Cindy.
I'd like you to meet my step-uncle.
No, son.
I'm your step-great-grand-uncle
once removed from your step-mother side.
Confused about just who's who
in your hyper-extended family?
Odd Mark has a solution.
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
You're not my real mom, but I guess you'll do.
And for those of you with multiple fathers...
Stoplights are red.
Caution is yellow.
You're less of a jerk than the previous fellow.
Odd, your family may be.
Odd Mark has a card for you.
To a very special man
with whom my mother currently...
Odd Mark, for when you care just enough
to send something.
This is just a reminder.
Welcome to all the parents and step-parents,
and what have you.
I'd like to announce the winner of the poster contest
for Parents' Day, Chris and a Kid.
Hey!
Honey, step down.
So he's my son.
Hey, everybody.
It's my step-dad.
No, I'm not.
I'm his real dad.
And I love him.
And I'm proud of him.
Dad, please.
That goes for you, too, you little twerp.
I know how he feels.
I'm not Jimmy's real mother,
but I love him.
Hey, Samantha, I love you.
Oh, yeah?
I tried to trick you, son,
but I couldn't give your father up.
I love him too much.
So, sumi.
It's okay, mom.
I'm the one who's sorry.
Dad?
It's all right, son.
All right, bedtime.
Get upstairs and brush your teeth
and reprise your theme song
and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go down
to other music.
And I'll find every one I say
I'm no free.
Oh, hello, everyone.
Stimpy here.
And do you smell what I smell?
Is it old socks?
Is it rancid milk?
Wait, I know.
That's the unmistakable odor
of my lovable pal, Ren.
That means Ren and Stimpy is next.
Oh, I snick for joy.
We're live studio audience
at CBS Studio Center, Hollywood, California.
Thank you.
That's good enough.
Saturday night is the best night.
Saturday night is great.
Saturday night is...
It's really happening.
Green Party is coming to Six Flags,
Great Adventure.
Friday night, Saturdays and Sundays
are tomorrow.
Flag Soar by Murray.
He'll be riding in from Buckington
with four long hairs and underwears
outside his jean.
He's aiming for new territory.
He's Doug Funney.
Ride on the money.
Doug.
Doug's funny with a kid, a nickname.
A buck of roux, his posses all brand new.
New friends, new foes, new trouble.
Sunday at 10, 9 central.
He'll be blazing new trails
at the place where kids prevail.
But you where I belong.
On Nick.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
He's kids.
He's coming feed these creatures by hand.
I tell you, we could live like kings here.
Come, Stimpson.
Let us go and seek the proprietor
of this establishment.
What you're gonna say?
You're gonna say how weird the two finest examples
of monkey flesh that you have ever seen.
Yeah, especially because I'm a cat.
So, what do you say?
Pidoki, you boys get their job.
Oh!
This, Timpy, you've got to know how to talk to this.
Look at us, Timpy.
No longer are we lonely house pets.
We've climbed the evolutionary ladder.
We've been accepted into the world of higher mammals.
We've evolved.
Aren't you ashamed?
What if another monkey saw that?
That blasted stick out of your nose.
Okay.
Shame, Stimpy.
You have to pardon my friend here.
He's not as yet accustomed
to your sophisticated city monkey ways.
Okay, Stimpy.
It's time for your evolving lessons.
Oh, rapture.
I'm gonna be a monkey.
Monkey, monkey, monkey.
Okay.
If you want to be a monkey,
you've got to learn to act like a monkey.
And I've got to know how,
because I've seen every Tarzan movie ever made.
So watch and learn.
Listen up.
Now, note the ease with which I swing so nimbly.
Hither, Indian.
Witness as I perform an amazing double somersault
and catch myself with my pre-enciled tail.
Oh, I get the idea.
Pre-head-style doze.
Boy, I tell you, being a monkey is harder than I thought.
Yeah, my monkey suit is all itchy with vermin in lies.
What's a monkey got to do to get some grooming around here?
Say, Cheetah, be a pal and have at least lice, will ya?
Go ahead, Ren.
Eat the nice vermin.
Tell me what you got. Breach, you dumb.
Comic bookstore.
Fruit drinks good, but it needs something like apple juice.
I'll just kind of stoop nice catch.
The owl stares back there.
Leave me alone. I'm making an apple quencher.
New apple quenchers from Verify.
Great tasting fruit, thirst quenching apples.
Nothing quenches like apple quenchers.
Now, there's the life.
Cute little babies.
They're deadbeats.
Babies have the world's easiest life.
People feed them. They close them.
They carry them everywhere they go.
And they expect nothing in return.
Why, I here tell that they don't even have to wipe themselves.
No!
All right, drop the act.
I got a proposition for ya.
I'll give you 50 bucks.
If the two of you take a permanent vacation...
Wait, Jackson, you're holding up the parade.
Bong chumps!
You know, Stimpy, this is the best scam yet.
I'm telling ya.
We got it made.
Poopies.
Yep.
Have we made poopies?
No poopies.
Well, we won't tell Daddy this time,
but next time we want to see poopies.
Well, let's see if Sean did any better.
What a goose!
You're my little stinky bear.
I do that!
Looks just like you.
Yeah, he sure does.
But I still can't believe I let you talk me into giving him that name.
Now, Eugene here.
There's a boy's name.
Hey, tough guy, think fast.
See those reflexes, hun?
And a grip to match.
That's right.
Yeah, you're gonna wallop all your friends.
You're gonna be a big strapping fill.
Maybe even a bully, huh?
Just like your grandpa.
I won't have that man's name spoken in this house.
Okay, honey, that's important to ya.
Give your daddy a big old hug.
I think it's time the boys learn to walk.
Oh, honey, I think it's too soon.
Come on, hun.
They can't hide under their mother's skirt forever.
Okay, but if my boys get rickets, we'll know who to blame.
Come on, boys. Come to daddy.
That's it. Don't be afraid.
That's amazing. They learn so fast.
Hmm. They need something more challenging.
That is a little too early.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Hey, Eugene, let's play your favorite game.
Two-con? I told ya he had grandpa's grip.
That's quite enough rough housing.
It's time for the family bath.
Oh, boy. Bath time.
This is nice. This is what family is about.
Nothing like a hot bath to settle one's digestion.
The boys, while I go to the door.
What can I do for you, officer?
We found these boys hanging out down at the track.
They claim to be yours.
There must be some mistake, officer.
My boys are safe in the bathtub with their mom and grandpa.
Hey, you two, you blew our cover.
I want my 50 back.
Come on, give it to me.
Oh, you want 50?
Let me go.
You want 50?
I'll give you 50.
Let me go.
Five, seven.
You're hitting me, aren't you?
Eight, nine.
I don't like that.
Here are three early warning signs
that are you afraid of the dark is next.
Oh, no.
One, the wind is gusting up.
Two, it's Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
And three, Chihuahuas everywhere are roughing.
You sick little monkey.
Warning.
Are you afraid of the dark is next on Snick?
Oh, no.
Fun, there's not much of a word to describe it.
Saturday night, Nick.
Snick.
Nickelodeon knows what it takes to be the Looney.
He also knows what it takes to be the Looney.
And that's why Nick is giving you a hold out.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
Nickelodeon.
Heard this.
There will be less talking.
Well, opens Friday, October 8th, and a theater near you.
Master, the tears.
Where we go?
Could be more disgusting.
I would tell him bubbling boils, angry glow.
Now I'm losing my lunch.
Monster face, the gruesome monster head you make and remake into the most monstrous monster's imaginable.
It's alive.
Then you bring it to life.
Now for the test.
Monster face comes with everything shown here.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nickelodeon.
I'll lick it, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nickelodeon.
Yeah?
Sorry, pal.
You lose.
You're it.
But I was just it three times.
Too bad.
I'll be it.
Why don't we just tell the story?
Why are we playing this dumb kids game anyway?
Who's going tonight?
I am.
And it's not a dumb kids game.
I wanted us to play hide and seek to get in the mood for my story.
How's a game gonna get us in the mood for a scary tale?
Because hide and seek is not like any other game.
You start off in a group.
But when you're out there in the dark, you're all alone.
You gotta hide and be real quiet.
Because you never know when somebody might jump out and catch you.
My story is about a game of hide and seek.
But with a twist.
And you play the game in my story.
You never know when they'll get caught.
And you never know who or what might catch you.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story,
The Tale of Old Man Corcoran.
Jack and Kenny Harris just moved into the neighborhood
and hadn't made many friends yet.
It's never easy being the new kids on the block.
You'll do almost anything to fit in.
But Jack and Kenny are about to find out
that that's not always such a good idea.
What do you want?
Jack.
I want to say hello.
Hey, I'm Kenny. It's my brother Jack.
I saw you guys moving in last week. Where are you from?
Eastside.
Eastside? Nice neighborhood.
Toughest in the city.
Yeah, that's why we moved.
So you guys like it here?
I don't know. It's kind of a loser neighborhood.
It is not.
We like it a lot better here.
You guys made any friends yet?
Well, if you want.
You see those guys over there?
Yeah.
We get together every once in a while for a game of hide and seek.
We're playing tonight if you guys want to come.
I don't think so.
Why not?
Well, it's just a big kid's game.
That's okay.
You guys would probably be too afraid to play where we do anyway.
Where do you play?
End of Anchor Street.
Behind the big gates.
Why do you say you'd be too afraid to play there?
Let's just say it gets pretty dark in there at night.
Yeah, well, we're not chicken, are we, Kenny?
No.
Meet us there at sunset.
Unless you're afraid.
I don't know. It's a kid's game, right?
What's the scare about hide and seek?
You're kidding, right?
Come on, let's go.
We're going in there?
You're the one who wanted to make friends, remember?
Let's go.
This way.
Faces.
You're comic genius.
Where's everybody?
Out in the graveyard.
We didn't think you'd show.
Now we're gonna have to start over.
Lee Aukson free! Lee Aukson free!
How you doing?
Hi.
That's Ron Jacobson, Scott Walden, Laura Ayers, Mary Alice Reardon, and Sissy Vernon.
Sissy?
Just call me Vernon.
What are they doing here?
I invited them.
We've got enough people in the group. We don't need any more.
Sure we do. The more the better.
Hope you don't scare easy.
What's there to be scared about? It's the graveyard. Everyone's dead here.
Well, kinda.
What are you talking about?
You didn't tell the legend of old man Corcoran.
The legend of who?
Old man Corcoran.
What's the groundskeeper here?
Dick the Grace by hand.
No machinery.
He thought he owned the place.
So he'd walk around, hit night, all by himself.
Just to make sure no one was trespassed.
If he wasn't here, he'd be out in the woods by his cabin.
Just playing his harmonica.
That's not much of a legend.
Oh, it gets better.
You see, he was crazy.
They say he caught this kid stealing something from his shack.
So he took an axe and cut his hand off.
One day, he was digging a grave when all of a sudden, the size caved in on him.
He was buried alive.
Gross.
Some say he still walks the graveyard tonight, looking for trespassers.
And if it's real quiet,
he might even hear him playing his harmonica off in the distance.
Can you call that scary?
Shoot, my grandma's scarier than that.
Yeah, you should try living in our old neighborhood.
So now that's scary.
Yeah, I like to see how long you last in there, vermin.
That's vernin.
Whatever.
Old man Corcoran's out there.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Are we gonna play or stand around talking?
We're gonna play.
All of us.
The tree's home base.
Hide anywhere you want.
Anything outside the fence is out of bounds.
Last one in is it.
Ron, you're up.
Ready, go.
One, two, three.
This is lame.
We should just go home.
No, if we go now, we'll never make any friends.
Remember friends as you passed by.
As you are now, so once was I.
Remember in life that you must die.
Jenny, come here.
You must be burying somebody's seed.
Jack, stop it.
Don't we set the baby.
This would be a great hiding place.
To let cave in.
What is that?
Hey, it's coming from in there.
You think it's old man Corcoran?
Nah.
It's probably one of them trying to scare us.
Let's go find them.
Man Corcoran's shack.
When they get close, we jump out and scare them.
You think they brought nuts all the way out here
just to play a joke on us?
That's what I would do.
What if it's really old man Corcoran?
You seem too many movies.
No one's there.
You're Monica.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
We are the Nicktoons, party money, Nicktoons.
Everywhere we go, all people wanna know.
It's a face cream.
It's even a cure for baldness.
I'm Mark Summers and when you watch What Would You Do?
You'll see a different kid co-host every day.
The giant Wallows star.
Outrageous pranks, bizarre talents
and 101 ways to get up close and personal
high.
Don't miss What Would You Do weekdays at 6-5 Central
on the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
When they made us sweep the garage.
Oh, yeah?
Well, you're the one who wanted to go there in the first place.
Yeah.
I wish mom never went back to school.
Then we wouldn't have moved
and we'd still be with our old friends.
Mom went through a lot to get us out of that old neighborhood.
Don't ever wish we were back there in front of her.
Hey, you guys are pretty good.
Why don't you come and do my room next?
Hey, see you guys playing tonight?
Tonight? Again?
Well, you didn't get to finish the game last night.
Uh, I don't think we're up to it.
Why not?
We just aren't.
I told you they were chicken.
We're not!
Brunner just told you that story to scare you.
She doesn't want anyone else joining the group.
I thought you said you weren't afraid of ghosts.
I said I'd believe it when I see it and I saw it.
You didn't see anything.
They told you a story in your mind filled with the rest.
No, we saw Old Man Corcoran.
Sure he did.
That's enough.
We'll be there tonight.
Great. See you there.
Jack.
I don't want to make friends that bad.
This isn't about making friends anymore, Kenny.
We gotta prove we can handle it here.
We're gonna play their game.
Where are you already?
Yeah, they're not coming.
They'll be here.
What's the big deal about letting them in the group anyway?
I'm tired of the same people all the time.
We haven't had any new players since.
Since I joined?
And you said after me there wasn't gonna be anymore.
Guess you was wrong.
You guys got more guts than I thought.
Aren't you afraid Old Man Corcoran's gonna get you?
Shut up about that stupid story.
There's no such thing as Old Man Corcoran.
Now let's play.
You're both it.
How do you figure that?
You left the game early last night
and since you wimps are so scared
you can be it together.
Yeah, why don't you baby's hold hands?
One.
Three.
You think it's gonna be like this all the time?
Five.
Six.
Seven.
I just want to make some friends.
Let's go.
This is stupid.
We're never gonna get anybody.
Listen.
Hear that?
No.
It's Old Man Corcoran.
Come on.
Why don't we get the others and all going together?
No.
By the time we get back he'll be gone.
Old Man Corcoran's out there and we're gonna prove it.
How?
When he steals Harmonica.
He almost saw us.
No.
I mean we're so close to getting Harmonica.
Now we're gonna have to go get it.
We don't need the Harmonica.
Let's just get the others out here to see him.
Where you going?
To get the others.
Back here.
Chicken.
Get him myself.
If I die, it's his fault.
Yeah.
Give me a flashlight.
I'm not holding the flashlight.
You wanna hold the flashlight?
Dad?
Give me my Harmonica.
Here.
I was here first.
Fern, shut up and listen.
We saw Old Man Corcoran again.
He's up there and he's after us.
I stole his Harmonica.
I don't want you here.
Did you hear what I just said?
Get out of here.
Come on.
Let's go Jack.
I don't like being in here anyway.
Hurry up.
We're leaving.
Go find your own grave.
Sorry.
Didn't see a name on it.
We'll look a little closer next time.
Sorry.
Didn't mean to scare you.
Man you gotta get out of here.
Jack stole Old Man Corcoran's Harmonica
and he's been chasing.
Guys.
The Old Man Corcoran stories are getting old.
We're playing a game here.
Come on.
Get in.
It's a great hiding place.
Man, when you forget about the stupid game,
don't you want to play?
They can never find you in here.
Come on.
We're playing hide and seek.
In the graveyard.
Just the two of you.
No.
With our friends.
Sissy Vernon.
Ron Jacobson.
Marcia McLean.
That ain't very funny.
All those kids are dead and buried.
I dug the graves myself.
What's wrong with you two?
I look like you've seen a ghost.
The end.
So.
Does anyone want to play the dumb kids game again?
Not it.
Not.
You're it.
One.
Six.
From the nightmare world of Are You Afraid of the Dark,
we now take you.
The Wayne Party.